Add troubleshooting guide for the restore (#5100)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/backup/08-02-restore-backup.md

    >```bash
    > kubectl get virtualservices --all-namespaces
    > ```

5. Once the restore succeeds, remove the `velero` namespace:

    ```bash
    kubectl delete ns velero
    ```

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: Can we extract this part to the Troubleshooting guide? We have a new type of doc, called troubleshooting: https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/templates/resources/troubleshooting.md.
So we would have 2 small troubleshooting docs:
10-01-restore-troubleshooting

> ### Pod stuck in `Init` phase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pod stuck in Init phase
```

> In case the Pod `service-catalog-addons-service-binding-usage-controller` gets stuck in `Init` phase, try deleting the Pod:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the `service-catalog-addons-service-binding-usage-controller` Pod gets stuck in the `Init` phase, try deleting the Pod:
```

```bash
kubectl delete $(kubectl get pod -l app=service-catalog-addons-service-binding-usage-controller -n kyma-system -o name) -n kyma-system
```

> ### Different DNS and Public IP Address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Different DNS and public IP address
```

> This tutorial assumes that the DNS and the Public IP will stay the same as the backed up cluster. If they change in the new cluster, check and update the relavant fields on the `overrides` Secrets and ConfigMaps in `kyma-installer` namespace with the new values and re-run the installer to propagate them to all the components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [restore](/components/backup/#tutorial-restore-a-kyma-cluster) tutorial assumes that the DNS and the public IP values stay the same as for the backed up cluster. If they change for the new cluster, check the relevant fields in the Secrets and ConfigMaps overrides in the `kyma-installer` Namespace and update them with new values. Then run the installer again to propagate them to all the components:
```
